Welcome to this course module. After two modules of diving super deep into vuejs and learning how
to interact with the dom, how to change that, how to react to events, how to conditionally show content and how
to render lists,
I now want to focus on the vue
instance, this thing we created all the time with new vue and then passing this object.
Let's take a closer look,
how does it work,
which properties do we have,
how is it created, which will lifecycle does it run through, how may we use it in ways we haven't used
it before and much more.
This module will be a bit more theoretical and if you're not interested and all, feel free to skip it,
though for really understanding how vuejs works, I strongly recommend having a look at it or at least
having a look at the specific videos which sound interesting to you.
Well with that, let's dive in and work our way through the vuejs instance.